Script to renew cluster certificates (#9709)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/clustermgmt/security/certificate-management/script-renew-certs.md

> ---

Author: Customers can renew certificates 2 ways. 
1. Manually running commands on each nodes.
2. Running a script which would run commands on each nodes.

We will remove option 1 after we have the CLI command to renew certificates for all the nodes.

> ---

Reviewer: Okay. That makes sense.

title: "Manually Renew Cluster Certificates"

> linkTitle: "Script To Renew Certificates"

Reviewer 2: I am curious if these instructions should just be in the README of the repo and we can just refer the readme in the official docs. But I would defer to docs writer on that

Reviewer: I'm okay with having it here. But I don't have a strong opinion.

This page shows the process for manually rotating certificates if you have not upgraded your cluster in 1 year.

The following table lists the cluster certificate files:

| etcd node             | control plane node       |
|-----------------------|--------------------------|
| apiserver-etcd-client | apiserver-etcd-client    |
| ca                    | ca                       |
| etcdctl-etcd-client   | front-proxy-ca           |
| peer                  | sa                       |
| server                | etcd/ca.crt              |
|                       | apiserver-kubelet-client |
|                       | apiserver                |
|                       | front-proxy-client       |

Commands below can be used for quickly checking your certificates expiring date:

```bash
# The expiry time of api-server certificate on you cp node
echo | openssl s_client -connect ${CONTROL_PLANE_IP}:6443 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -noout -dates

# The expiry time of certificate used by your external etcd server, if you configured one
echo | openssl s_client -connect ${EXTERNAL_ETCD_IP}:2379 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -noout -dates
```

> You can rotate certificates by following the steps given below. You cannot rotate the `ca` certificate because it is the root certificate. Note that the commands used for Bottlerocket nodes are different than those for Ubuntu and RHEL nodes.

Reviewer 2: Make this a Note or something

## Overview
This script automates:

> - Certificate renewal for etcd and control plane nodes.

Reviewer 2: Can we just remove the punctuation all throughout for bullet points? Not sure if we do that in other sections

---
title: "Manually renew cluster certificates"

> linkTitle: "Script To Renew Certificates"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Script to renew certificates"
```

Commands below can be used for quickly checking your certificates' expiration dates:

```bash
# The expiry time of api-server certificate on you cp node
echo | openssl s_client -connect ${CONTROL_PLANE_IP}:6443 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -noout -dates

# The expiry time of certificate used by your external etcd server, if you configured one
echo | openssl s_client -connect ${EXTERNAL_ETCD_IP}:2379 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -noout -dates
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
You can rotate certificates by following the steps given below. You cannot rotate the `ca` certificate because it is the root certificate. Note that the commands used for Bottlerocket nodes are different than those for Ubuntu and RHEL nodes.
{{% /alert %}}

## Overview
This script automates:

- Certificate renewal for etcd and control plane nodes
- Cleanup of temporary files if certificates are renewed and cluster is healthy

## Prerequisites

- Admin machine with:
  - `kubectl`, `yq`, `jq`, `scp`, `ssh`, and `sudo` installed
- SSH access to all control plane and etcd nodes

## Steps

### 1. Setup environment variable:

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=<path-to-management-cluster-kubeconfig>
```

> ### 2. Prepare below config yaml file by adding node and private key information of your control plane and/or external etcd to a file, such as `keys-config.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Prepare a keys-config.yaml file
Add node and private key information of your control plane and/or external etcd to a file, such as `keys-config.yaml`:
```
I was thinking of something like this.
